Now, let's look at the influence of the noise vector on the position.
For this, I will zoom in to our object.
This is where our object is at time step k,
and this is where our object is at time step k plus one,
without any acceleration noise.
Clearly, the yaw acceleration noise will change the radius of the circle we are driving.
So, the yaw acceleration does have some influence on to the position.
If the yaw acceleration is positive,
we might end up here.
If the yaw acceleration is negative,
However, we assume the effect of the yaw acceleration on
the position is relatively small in comparison to other factors,
and we will neglect here.
Now, let's look at the effect of the longitudinal acceleration noise on the position.
The exact calculation is pretty straight forward.
You have to go back to the differential equation where we started.
But this time, instead of a constant velocity,
you would need to assume a constant acceleration and then,
solve the integral for that case.
This is absolutely doable and you are welcome to give it a try,
but it takes some time.
I want to speed things up a little bit,
so we can go into the uncentered Kalman filter sooner.
So, I suggest using an approximation here,
which is really easy but it's still pretty close to the exact solution.
What we will use as an approximation,
is the acceleration offset of a car driving exactly straight, like here.
This approximation will be okay,
as long as the [inaudible] is not too high.
Can you tell me in the next quiz,
what the acceleration offset in px and py would be,
if the car drove perfectly straight?